[Music]
come away with me so I don't get out of
here for a while anyway to go nuts so
much it's just the three that's just you
and me and Ella daddy old your dad for
mommy right hey not that old
[Music]
wait what listen quiet
hey I know it's fun but it's time to
sleep goodnight honey
Jesus you got enough switches this is
its wallet right to you what are you
doing
26 feet 21 this room is 5 feet longer on
the inside than it is on the outside yet
[Music]
you chose this play not me you sent me
the link I absolutely did not you said
it to me somebody wrote in my journal
do you like it here
No Deal Hey
[Music]
okay what is this place
it was a different house before that one
what sort of house the judge in the jury
all found some innocent but some people
didn't Selena Perry the house shows me
he must be guilty of something people
have always stayed in a tower some don't
leave
the right ones usually find the place or
maybe it's the other way around the
place finds them you guys seem to know
each other we have a boy at home oh
sorry
are you ready for boiling guys we were
born ready
good evening ladies and gentlemen your
captain I'd like to wish you a nice day
and thank you for your trust in we have
a seven five zero zero several men
attacked our cockpit we stopped them for
now
hey captain his injury status to the
crew I don't know they have a hostage
they're gonna kill the phone I'll open
the door don't stop please I can't open
the door
let it go see these epic
they don't have guns they don't have
knives if you work together you can beat
them
25 years ago you played a concert in
front of the entire world
[Music]
one month ago you played in Barstow
California for 40 people most of whom
were there for $2 taco night billing Ted
what have you got to say for yourselves
be back to each other and party on dudes
you were supposed to unite the world and
save reality as we know it well we've
spent our whole life trying to write the
song level reunite the world why can't
we just go to the future when we have
written it whoa take it from ourselves
how's that stealing if we're stealing it
from ourselves
[Applause]
no way how'd you like our song it's a
little on the dark side but you know
that's cool
[Music]
what do we know about the course female
it was found in a park along the river a
homeless person found it what's the
reading on an object in the cranium
that's not a bullet is that the glue
there's the body then the axe of the
money there's a certain latent symbolism
oh that's that young sadler for three
and a half years the answer to be
patient till you go through with this
you go for help
look you isn't here in the building you
know it's gonna happen where's Hanna she
alive
Yuliya can you tell me why you decided
I'll bail in at what point did you start
having feelings for him do I have to
answer their back again you you're
dangerous
you all went too far in your research we
have to get out of here
you can relax
[Music]
but she must be unique so this is a
cyberattack but not from this planet you
know I don't belong here dad
everything's gonna be fine I don't even
have a passport how we gonna cross the
border
we'll have to cook up a corruption scam
no more cell phones no more digital
technology
[Music]
help me
your parents tell me you were born with
unique condition most beautiful baby
I've ever seen accidentally kill people
I'm sorry I don't follow
when people see me
[Music]
you accidentally assault people with
your face yeah it's strange it is weird
[Music]
what are you doing though it's kind of
the middle something you'd you probably
find a higher bridge wait what wait what
you're leaving you at least get her last
name what's your hide
I have to tell you something I was born
with a face when people see me they
don't have you ever thought about if
you're like for a movie what song they
would use in the montage it's for one of
those moments where your life derails
here and all you hear is this
[Applause]
[Music]
oh my god I tried to tell him damn it
max my mother died when I was 7 years
old cards I saw it
two months before it happened Jimmy in
the flesh so how's life its day-to-day
you know
I'm James and they got a proposition for
you
I need you to do that thing you do in
that head of yours needs you to find
safe passage
I saw my death I warned you tonight I
had no choice I needed the war of course
you had a choice it's not what I saw
[Music]
how long have you
this that's more of an affliction sadly
you make it sound like a disease
what about him saying that you saw
handoff know many things all that goes
red in both of them so we're not safe
here
with anybody that you think you saw this
work I did what I don't know right now
you've got to do everything in your
power to change this you've got to leave
now beginning to this is gonna be hard
to understand maybe it's time you
learned the truth about your condition
you